Master Qin Feng
A girl surnamed Chu is looking for you
Senior Sister Chu Shuhan
What? Who is he? Brother, you are sticking flowers and making grass outside again.
How could your eldest brother be such a person?
Yeah, lonely.
You said he was your senior sister
Brother, you forgot
The girl who testified for us at the factory this morning is my senior sister Chu Shuhan
It was him!
Well, let's go out and have a look first
There must be something wrong at this point.
It makes sense to go
Senior sister hey senior sister
Why didn't you say hello to me when you said you came?
Hey, hey, Senior Sister, thank you for your righteous action today.
Qin
Husband and concubine finally found you, hey, hey, Miss Chu, you misunderstood, right?
Qin, I haven't married yet
How could this concubine be wrong?
You and I are close
I have ordered a doll since I was a child, dear.
It's just that my family is in the middle of nowhere
That's why the contact was broken.
How is that possible?
I take care of the big and small things at home
If the eldest brother has been engaged since he was a child
How could I not know?
It's my sister
You can't remember wrong, right?
Husband, you really forgot about our childhood
I don't remember shit
I just crossed over, not half a day ago
I don't know what I eat in the morning
It doesn't matter, Uncle Qian knows about it too
If you don't believe me, you can ask him.
My father was poisoned
So far in a coma
How do you want us to confirm?
Uncle Qin was poisoned
How could you not know?
How could I possibly know?
I just came from Guo Zijian
Wait, is it him?
You know who it is?
Rear Minister Sun Li